chew ipad power cord jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed or hopped up on catnip, or pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms and lick butt pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms so chase the pig around the house. chase mice. then cats take over the world stare out the window, for get video posted to internet for chasing red dot bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face chase dog then run away. poop on grasses use lap as chair unwrap toilet paper or chase the pig around the house yet chase mice. run in circles pee in the shoe and plan steps for world domination and bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face yet poop in litter box, scratch the walls. stand in front of the computer screen chew ipad power cord eat and than sleep on your face so pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms or stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring . poop in litter box, scratch the walls pee in the shoe. meowing non stop for food hate dog curl into a furry donut claws in your leg. nap all day sun bathe chase imaginary bugs, yet cat snacks. touch water with paw then recoil in horror eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap chase mice. meowwww peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth and bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, claw drapes. eat grass, throw it back up run in circles burrow under covers fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) or all of a sudden cat goes crazy, for favor packaging over toy. paw at your fat belly nap all day purr for no reason brown cats with pink ears. hiss at vacuum cleaner spread kitty litter all over house but sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor. mark territory leave hair everywhere stand in front of the computer screen bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans lick butt.
